groovyx/net/http/thirdparty/GAEClientConnection.java
 groovyx.net.http.thirdparty.GAEClientConnection
groovyx/net/http/HTTPBuilder.java
 groovyx.net.http.HTTPBuilder
 groovyx.net.http.HTTPBuilder$1
 groovyx.net.http.HTTPBuilder$RequestConfigDelegate
groovyx/net/http/Status.java
 groovyx.net.http.Status
groovyx/net/http/ContentEncoding.java
 groovyx.net.http.ContentEncoding
 groovyx.net.http.ContentEncoding$RequestInterceptor
 groovyx.net.http.ContentEncoding$ResponseInterceptor
 groovyx.net.http.ContentEncoding$Type
groovyx/net/http/thirdparty/GAEConnectionManager.java
 groovyx.net.http.thirdparty.GAEConnectionManager
 groovyx.net.http.thirdparty.GAEConnectionManager$1
 groovyx.net.http.thirdparty.GAEConnectionManager$2
groovyx/net/http/StringHashMap.java
 groovyx.net.http.StringHashMap
groovyx/net/http/HttpContextDecorator.java
 groovyx.net.http.HttpContextDecorator
groovyx/net/http/DeflateEncoding.java
 groovyx.net.http.DeflateEncoding
groovyx/net/http/HttpResponseDecorator.java
 groovyx.net.http.HttpResponseDecorator
 groovyx.net.http.HttpResponseDecorator$HeadersDecorator
groovyx/net/http/ContentType.java
 groovyx.net.http.ContentType
groovyx/net/http/ParserRegistry.java
 groovyx.net.http.ParserRegistry
 groovyx.net.http.ParserRegistry$1
groovyx/net/http/ResponseParseException.java
 groovyx.net.http.ResponseParseException
groovyx/net/http/Method.java
 groovyx.net.http.Method
groovyx/net/http/HttpURLClient.java
 groovyx.net.http.HttpURLClient
 groovyx.net.http.HttpURLClient$HttpURLResponseAdapter
 groovyx.net.http.HttpURLClient$HttpURLResponseAdapter$1
 groovyx.net.http.HttpURLClient$OAuthWrapper
 groovyx.net.http.HttpURLClient$OAuthWrapper$1
 groovyx.net.http.HttpURLClient$OAuthWrapper$2
groovyx/net/http/ContentEncodingRegistry.java
 groovyx.net.http.ContentEncodingRegistry
groovyx/net/http/AsyncHTTPBuilder.java
 groovyx.net.http.AsyncHTTPBuilder
 groovyx.net.http.AsyncHTTPBuilder$1
groovyx/net/http/RESTClient.java
 groovyx.net.http.RESTClient
groovyx/net/http/URIBuilder.java
 groovyx.net.http.URIBuilder
groovyx/net/http/AuthConfig.java
 groovyx.net.http.AuthConfig
 groovyx.net.http.AuthConfig$OAuthSigner
 groovyx.net.http.AuthConfig$OAuthSigner$OAuthRequestAdapter
groovyx/net/http/EncoderRegistry.java
 groovyx.net.http.EncoderRegistry
groovyx/net/http/HttpResponseException.java
 groovyx.net.http.HttpResponseException
groovyx/net/http/GZIPEncoding.java
 groovyx.net.http.GZIPEncoding
